- I don't write anything down.
It's all dependent on what I remember.
(laughing)
I remember some things.
For sure, just give me a sec.
- Okay.
- This is the beauty of editing.
Thank you, Chris.
Like it'll just seem like I just thought of it immediately,
but it's gonna take me a good 30 seconds.
- No, he's all, whenever you say that,
he's just gonna leave this whole thing in.
- Yeah, he just trolls us.
(laughing)
- I love it so much.
(upbeat music)
- Did you change your camera position?
- Yeah.
- You're just like close to your face now.
You're trying to match mine.
- Not just my camera position.
I moved my desk.
Like, I'm in a different corner of the room.
I kind of hate it.
I mean, I kind of hate that, like, everything is different.
Like, from my camera standpoint.
It's nice though, 'cause it's in the corner of my room now.
And I have so much more room in my office
for walking around, which I don't do.
(laughing)
For making coffee.
I don't know.
(laughing)
I do hate, I don't have my teleprompter,
so I'm not looking at you anymore,
which bothers me greatly.
- Oh, we don't really, I've never looked at you, so.
- I know.
Yeah, so I'm just, it's mutual now.
We're just not looking at each other.
(laughing)
- Yeah, well, how about, is the background look good?
I mean, I can't really tell 'cause it's super blurred.
- My background?
- 'Cause I think you like built your background
around your desk being in front of it, right?
- Yeah, you can still see most of all that stuff.
It's just oriented a little differently because of the angle.
But yeah, I mean, the background's fine.
It's all blurred out.
You can't really see it anyway.
- Nice.
So how much coffee you've been drinking?
- Oh my God.
Okay, that's why, (laughing)
if you saw, I mean, if you reacted in any way to my message
earlier, that I was more than ready.
I slept really good last night,
like got more sleep than normal.
- Wow.
- And then I woke up and I tasted like all the coffees.
And I have so much energy and I haven't eaten.
So I really considered like running around the block,
like just sprinting to like try and get some of it out
before we start recording.
(laughing)
I'm a little nervous about how much,
I'm like literally shaking, like my hand,
I've got like a little vibration going.
- Didn't you already do this yesterday?
I feel like you've, I feel there's been like three days
in a row where you woke up and you were like,
I tried all of them.
(laughing)
- I've done it more than once, yes.
It's just, it's very, it's nerve-racking.
I don't wanna get the wrong,
like I don't wanna make the wrong choice here.
I think our partner is gonna just make it for us.
I think that's gonna be better and I can stop stressing.
But we're getting ready to like order bags,
like thousands of coffee bags.
And we don't wanna screw this up, you know what I mean?
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause I think,
I remember when he was first getting into the coffee business.
So for context, we're working with my friend
who now has a big coffee roasting business.
I know him because he founded a,
like a messaging company, I used to work there.
- I didn't know this, I didn't know your backstory with him.
That's awesome.
- Yeah, there's a company called Inbox
and it was just a messaging app.
This is like during the era of like
there's being a million messaging apps
and like kind of WhatsApp eventually won.
But it was around that time.
And it was like more than messaging app,
it would have like a bunch of like real-time features.
And a lot of my experience from distributed systems
comes from my work there.
It was probably the one thing I'd ever worked on
that was at like large consumer, you know?
And it was really fun.
It was a fun project, was not successful.
Like you just have to be massively successful
or something like that to work.
So that ended up not working.
- Is he a developer?
- No, he's not.
- Oh, okay.
- No, because I just realized like
he was a CEO.
- I hadn't.
- Okay, got it.
- No, no.
- The CEO got it.
- His whole family is just like the most
entrepreneurial family like I've ever met.
Like his dad just has like a bunch of different businesses
and like the rest of the, this is kind of how they operate.
But he ended up, he ended up doing like a bunch of stuff.
And then at one point he was like,
I'm gonna open up a coffee shop.
Not a roaster necessarily.
They were focused on building a coffee shop.
Obviously you're gonna roast your own beans if you do that.
And they went through this like crazy process.
There was some kind of like, I forgot the title,
but he worked with some,
I guess it was a kind of coffee sorcerer.
And I remember they did this like tasting,
but it wasn't the point of the tasting wasn't to make coffee.
Did it something else with the bean?
And it was like a completely different process
and resulted in something different.
And I think like when you taste it
that like highlights the differences in the beans more.
It was like some, they like create something
and it's like crack it.
I don't know, it was like a really weird thing.
But I remember him doing that.
It was just like such a long time ago.
And then now they kind of,
they still have the coffee shop
and now they're like doing all the awesome things.
- Oh, they still have it, that's awesome.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's one of those cool things where like
once they have a physical space,
they can just do a million things there.
So they like, yeah.
I remember they even had like yoga sessions there
and like all kinds of stuff.
But yeah, obviously most of the money comes from
more stuff on the wholesale side.
- Yeah, I'm very excited to be partnering with,
he's like a coffee nerd.
Like he knows coffee things.
- Yeah.
- And it makes me very self-conscious
when I'm like saying anything about coffee now
because I've seen his like cool chemistry looking set up
and he says cool things like,
I'm gonna cup them all today and I'll get back to you.
I'm like, oh, this guy.
- Oh, it's our thing, man, cupping coffee.
- I think he means like he's gonna make some of each.
Like he's testing, he's tasting them all.
- I see, I see.
- He's gonna like gross the, or he's gonna like brew them all
and he called it cupping them.
And I'm like, now I'm gonna say that to people.
Oh, let me just cup some of that coffee
and I'll let you know, I'll get back to you.
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause I think it's not like
he was a huge coffee nerd going into it.
I think he was interested enough in it
and then by having a business,
you just get interested in it 'cause you have to
and then now he's genuinely into it.
- That's how things should work, right?
That's how like, it's like, you don't get a job
that's your passion, you develop the passion.
We talked about this, I feel like we've talked about this.
But like I wasn't a passionate developer
when I started writing code, I just like got into it
and then you become very passionate about it
when you spend 10 hours a day doing it your entire life.
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause people are always like,
oh, what industry are you interested in working in?
I've worked in so many because as a software engineer,
you're working a bunch of industries.
- Yeah. - And every single time you show up,
not interested in it at all
and then once you start working there,
you just start going deeper and deeper
and you get like super interested in it
'cause like everything in the world is interesting.
- Yeah, it really is a, it's a cool profession in that way
but I don't know if other professions get a taste of that
but like we get to kind of like dive in deep
on all kinds of different subjects
and kind of get obsessed with them for a while
while you work on that thing.
And then you know all these random things about industries
that like you may never work in it again
but when someone's like, you know,
property and casualty insurance, it's a crazy industry.
I'm like, yeah, I actually do.
Let me tell you about what I know
about property and casualty insurance.
- I mean, we're doing that with coffee right now.
- Yeah, we're deep diving.
- Yeah, it's especially funny for me
'cause why would I know anything about coffee?
- Right, don't even drink it.
- You're the CEO of a coffee company.
Well, are we a coffee company?
I guess we are a coffee company
but like we're bigger than that like eventually, right?
- For now.
Oh, I guess I'll stop there, yeah.
- It's, yeah, it's funny.
It gets every time we've been getting all these samples
and Liz will try it and she'll have all these comments
and I'll try it.
I'm like, yep, it tastes just like
all the other coffee I ever had in my whole life.
I don't like it.
Like, you know what to me?
It really feels like you guys just making stuff up.
- Like it's a sign up.
- You're having all this back and forth about like,
to me what tastes like a weird flavor and too much water.
That's like what it tastes like to me.
That's what coffee tastes like to me.
- I mean, objectively, coffee is not a good taste
but like you become adapted to it.
Like you, I started drinking it out of social pressure.
All my family drinks coffee
and I just felt bad at family gatherings.
Like we get together like three, four times a year
and it's like everybody's like, oh, this coffee's so good.
And I'm like, man, I can't bond over this coffee thing.
So then I start drinking it and it's like, at first,
it's terrible but then you start to really enjoy it.
I don't know.
I don't know if you enjoy the taste so much as like the effect
and that just association with the taste
and the effect of caffeine.
I don't know if you could ever really get
into the taste of coffee.
I don't think you'd get into it if you just drank decaf.
Like I don't think you'd be like,
man, this bitter coffee is delicious.
I think like it's the caffeine feeling.
It's the drug, right?
- That's really crazy because I don't think,
'cause I mean, there's a lot of things
in the world that are acquired taste
and I don't think I've ever acquired a taste.
- It's not just, you just refuse to acquire anything.
- I don't, it's not, it's just like,
it's not a conscious refusal.
It's just like, it just hasn't happened for me.
So this concept of an acquired taste is really confusing.
I mean, I think to see if that's true.
- There's gotta be something in programming
that you've developed in a choir,
like I three or something, I don't know.
Like something that's objectively bad.
Not that I think that, but there's gotta be something
you use that's like, it's not good,
but you've acquired a taste for it.
- I mean, all of Linux maybe?
- Yeah, exactly.
- It's hard, but it is objectively good.
- Yeah, I know, I think you're gonna say
like whatever it is, whatever you use
for the last decade, you're gonna love.
- It's a difference, 'cause that just feels like
there's a high learning curve,
which to me feels different than like...
- Yeah, there's a high learning curve to coffee.
- For coffee?
- Okay, yeah.
I'm just gonna learn to like the,
when you taste the different blends,
like you've tasted different coffees back to back,
I presume?
- Not really, I mean like actually try to like,
like yeah, have that experience.
- Like you don't think you could actually taste the difference
in two different, very different tasting coffees?
- I'm sure I could, but in both,
so I'll taste one and taste the other,
and I'm so overwhelmed by the feeling of disgust
that like I just, it's hard for me to like,
dig through that and say this one is like the way.
(laughing)
Yeah, I find it disgusting.
- It's repulsive to me.
(laughing)
- Oh, it's so good.
- It's funny though, 'cause coffee ice cream, I love,
I love the smell and I love things that are made with coffee.
- That's the smell.
Yeah, and like coffee flavored candy,
anything coffee flavored people do generally enjoy.
Yeah, it's just when it's hot and like bitter
and actual drink, not so much.
- I would love to somehow make coffee ice cream from
our coffee, it's like too hard to sell,
but it could be a--
- You know what, that reminds me,
we've got this new device,
it's like my favorite kitchen appliance ever,
I think it's only been the last couple years,
they've started making them.
We have always made banana ice cream,
have I told you this?
- Yeah, yeah, you mentioned that.
Yeah, it's so good.
- It's so good.
So we would make it in like a Vitamix blender.
We've had a Vitamix for like 10 years,
just like everything you've done for 10 years,
we've had a Vitamix for 10 years and we love it.
We've actually, we're on our second one,
and we actually wore the first one out.
So we make it in the Vitamix,
but like by the time it blends up the frozen bananas,
there's no way to get like a consistent blend
without kind of melting it a little bit,
the blades are at the bottom
and it just kind of like eventually,
it gets pretty melty like by the time you're eating it.
It's still delicious,
but like that's how we've always known banana ice cream.
And then Ninja, this company, Ninja,
if you see me and Ninja stuff, yeah.
I guess they sell these on TikTok.
So thank you to my wife for being on TikTok.
It's the one good thing that's come out of TikTok.
She saw this thing and it like,
it has a spinning blade at the top of these canisters
and it pushes down through a frozen block.
So you freeze like you pre blend something, okay?
So like we blend up the bananas with the flavors
that we want, peanut butter ice cream or whatever.
And then you freeze it as a solid block
in this little like canister
and then the blade like moves down through it as it spins.
- Oh. - Does that make sense?
Like it's going all the way down the canister?
Yeah, it's called, oh, I have no idea actually.
- Is it specifically for making ice cream?
- Yes, and it makes the most like
from the store ice cream consistency ever.
It's just like you scoop it out with the ice cream scoop
and it makes like perfect ice cream.
- Yeah, Ninja creamy.
- Yes, that's it.
It's so awesome.
Like the consistency difference,
it stays frozen for much longer.
So anyway, just like homemade ice cream with that thing.
- That looks really good.
- So good.
I recommend it.
I wish they sponsored us.
So we got something out of this.
- So is that the process for no matter what,
even if you're making it like with milk,
you just mix it, freeze it and then.
- Yeah, yeah, with whatever you're making.
Yeah, you just pre-freeze.
You have all these little canisters in your freezer.
We've got like two of them.
And you just make different ice creams,
but like it's just you blend up a liquid or not a liquid,
but like something that you can freeze.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You get it.
I'm way over explaining it.
- That's cool.
Yeah, my mom had an ice cream maker and even that,
like this was like, I was growing up kind of
and then even that was really good.
Like homemade ice cream is really, really good.
- It's really good.
- Casey literally makes more than one every day.
Like someone is eating that stuff every single day.
We have cans, like of stuff, pre-frozen,
filling our freezer.
It's awesome.
- With the banana ice cream, do you even have to add sugar?
'Cause bananas are already kind of sweet.
- No, yeah, the bananas are the sweetness.
Yeah. - Oh, nice.
- Like we do like coconut cherry.
We do like, we're not coconut cocoa cherry,
like cocoa powder, bananas, cherries.
That's a big one we do peanut butter.
Yeah, it's, they're delicious.
I either recommend it.
Any smoothie recipe basically can make like a custom ice cream
with the ninja creamy sandwich.
- That's, like, could you put like, this is messed up,
but could you make like a green juice one
where it's like broccoli and kale
and you can make it into ice cream?
- We generally put spinach in like everything
because you can't taste it.
So like, we want our boys to get the benefit to the greens.
Yeah, and it just makes everything green.
It's like every day St. Patrick's Day around here.
It's fun, but you can't taste it.
- Yeah, I used to do that.
- I used to make, for lunch every day,
I used to make chicken, like, I used to take ground chicken
and make like chicken patties and then have it in a sandwich.
And at some point, I just started throwing
a bunch of spinach in there
'cause like, yeah, why not?
- It looks horrible though.
It makes it come out this like disgusting green color,
but like, it doesn't taste a flavor at all.
So it is funny how just the appearance of food can like,
even if it didn't taste any different,
it can really affect how it might goes down for you.
Like, like, I don't want to eat things
if they look a certain way.
Even if, you know, it's good for you
and it doesn't affect the taste.
It can make it harder.
- Yeah, it taps into all of our senses.
- We have a lot to talk about.
We don't always have a lot to talk about.
But I have a lot to talk about.
I mean, I do. - Bring it.
I can't. - I can't feed in my system.
- Yeah.
- Okay, where do I start?
We haven't said that this episode is sponsored by Terminal.
Get your coffee.
Terminal dot shop.
- But you can actually do that.
- No, actually, you can't buy coffee right now.
- Well, unless you're like a super fan
that discovered us in the future
and when you're watching all the episodes,
it's all the episodes. - Ooh, is that travel possible?
This is not a thing I wanted to talk about.
But I saw an article the other day
that was like somebody discovered
theoretically possible time travel or something.
And that's like the thing about time travel, right?
It's always been theoretically possible.
- No, I think it's my understanding back when I was like,
like super into physics,
I think it's my understanding back then was
going backwards, like,
I didn't see like any kind of mechanism
where that would make sense.
Going forward obviously is definitely possible.
- Wait, wait, wait.
You just said that like it was so obvious.
Definitely possible.
What's the thing about going forward that's possible
that's not backward?
- Well, it's like if you,
this concept of,
you know there's a concept of time dilation,
like we've proved in that
where like different points in space
can experience time at a different speed.
- Right. - I'm watching them in each other.
- Yeah. - Yep, yep, yep.
- So that guy effectively traveled to the future
in that movie.
- Yeah, okay. - Yeah.
And this happens with astronauts.
Like astronauts age like a tiny amount less.
- Right.
That's actually, okay, I've listened to a book
where they talk about like two twins,
one on the top of a mountain,
the other at sea level, and like they technically--
- On order of time.
- Yeah. - In the world of time or whatever.
- I think that is it.
Yeah.
Wait, I thought you were listening to like 10 books.
- That's one of them.
- Is this one of them?
- Yeah. - Oh wow.
- Did you listen to it or did you read it?
- I listened to everything.
Is it like Carla-Ravelli or whatever it is?
- Ravelli, yeah, but yeah, yeah.
- I don't know if you remember,
but do you remember that the narration
was exceptionally good?
- I mean, yeah.
Do you know this person?
- Well, it's like a extremely famous actor
that narrates it with like a fantastic voice.
Benedict-Ravelli, I don't know if you've,
I'm trying to think of what you would have seen.
- Oh yeah, Cumberbatch, yeah.
Wait, he did that one?
- He did do that one.
I love when he narrates a book.
- I found the book terrifying
because it's already like crazy existential
and like-
- And then his voice. - And then his voice.
- And his voice.
- Yeah, it's really scary.
- Yeah, really good audible book.
If you're into listening to books,
that one's worth your credit.
Like, I mean, it's Benedict Cumberbatch.
So like, you feel like you're watching a movie
the whole time, but it's like crazy facts
about time that blow your mind.
- Yeah, it's completely true.
- Yeah, he talks in that book about like,
if you're on a ship traveling at speed of light,
like the difference in time
for that person versus someone back on earth,
it just, the whole thing just blows your mind.
Like the entire time my mind is just, it just hurts.
- Yeah, it's crazy that all that stuff is true.
Like it's actually really bizarre and like-
- Seems like science fiction.
- Yeah, yeah, but it's all accurate.
That's always been my understanding.
- How did we get on time?
- You said that you saw someone
that said time travel was possible.
And I was talking about a future podcast listener.
- Oh, right, right, right.
Yeah, so a future podcast listener
who's sipping on one of our,
ooh, I don't want to leak things.
They're sipping on coffee that we sold
and they're listening to us like these silly guys.
They don't know anything about time travel.
I figured it out.
- Anyway, this episode sponsored by terminal,
but in the future, you can buy it.
- In the future, you will be able to buy it very soon.
Well, I don't know.
It depends on your definition of very soon.
- Things I want to talk about.
I don't write anything down.
It's all depending on what I remember.
I remember some things, for sure.
Just give me a sec.
This is the beauty of editing.
Thank you, Chris.
Like, it'll just seem like I just thought of it immediately,
but it's gonna take me a 30 seconds.
- Whenever you say that,
he's just gonna leave this whole thing in.
- Yeah, he just trolls us.
(laughing)
I love it so much.
One of the things was actually about,
it would have been so good to just bring it up
when we were in the middle of talking about
software engineering as a profession.
I didn't.
I've let lots of things happen between then and now,
but I'm gonna do it, just whatever.
We're jumping back into it.
The hardest thing about being a software developer,
as I thought about this this morning,
as I have four active projects going on,
is this idea of opportunity cost, I guess.
Just constantly feeling like
there's a million things you could do.
We're the most leveraged profession in history, aren't we?
We can, as an individual, do so much.
I'm not bragging on this.
This isn't a, I don't know.
I'm not saying we're so great.
Everyone else is so whatever, peasants.
But we just have this ability to completely shape
the world around us in ways that I just don't know
a hundred years ago if anyone had this ability.
And there's tons of us.
And we can just like wake up and choose
to work on a hundred different things at any given time.
And you're gonna, you're gonna select some subset
of those things that you could be doing.
And you're constantly gonna feel like,
am I using my time most efficiently?
Do you feel like this?
- Now that you said all that, I feel bad saying no,
I don't feel that.
- No, no, it's fine.
No, I didn't run this by anybody.
- I just never thought.
- I get what you're talking about,
but I feel like I just want to know the time
to think about that.
I'm just like.
- Yeah.
- There's just like so much, like things fly around.
You just work on whatever you can in like the moment.
I feel like I don't have time to step back and reflect.
- And that's what I think my thought was this morning
was like my process for choosing every day,
what I'm gonna really like push on is basically just like,
what do I want to push on?
Like what do I feel like I could just like fly on right now?
Because any day where I try to like,
okay, I'm working on this thing today.
It just goes poorly.
Cause like that's not the thing I want to work on.
And I end up like, I don't know,
having less productive a day
because I was just trying to force something.
So like on a Thursday when I feel like yesterday
was not the best, I'm just going to like do the thing
I want to do and I'm going to get a lot more done that way
and feel really good about it.
Yeah, I don't know.
Is that like you've got multiple things going on.
- Did you see my tweet about this?
- No.
It's almost exactly this like two days ago or a good day ago.
- Oh really?
- A couple of days ago.
I wrote.
- You tweet a lot, man.
It's hard to keep up.
- I know, I do.
Like I want to keep up.
I have notifications turned on.
I follow them, but it's just like I'll see one all the time
where it's like, I didn't even see this one.
This was a good one.
- I said that everything needs to get done.
The order doesn't matter.
Just pick what you want to do and go.
- Oh, I did see that one.
So maybe it's subliminally started this train of thought for me.
(laughs)
Because it just doesn't matter.
Like sometimes at SST we're like talking about
all these things.
And when you step back in a long term,
it actually doesn't matter at all what order they happen in.
Like yeah, maybe there's like little things
you can line up and it's technically correct.
But like you definitely can mess it up.
But like that just, it seems way more likely
that your plan is actually inefficient
'cause your motivation day to day is different.
So yeah, it's really freeing just to like work
on what you want.
- Can I counter point here?
I think every developer can relate with this.
It does matter in the areas where you touch the outside world.
So like I have four very active things right now
that I'm working on and it's four completely different groups
of people, stakeholders, if you will.
So they care what order I do today.
(laughs)
Like the teams that are involved ultimately
might have a care, you know?
If like I decided I'm just gonna work on one for a month,
they'd be like, you know, maybe don't do that.
- I think with a lot of these things that I say,
I'm not expressing a truth about the world.
I think I'm more expressing the thing I won't trade off,
the thing that I like change.
Change everything else before I change this type of thing.
- I see.
- Yeah, you're right.
- I see situations where like what I'm saying is like ridiculous,
but I'm more likely to change a situation than to change.
- Yeah.
- That and I describe it to an extreme, but yeah, I don't know.
To me, it just feels like at least with the work I'm doing,
it's just all needs to get done, so.
- Yeah.
It's really interesting like how many constraints
I think can't be changed.
And then when I step back and I read one of your tweets
or you say something like that, it's like,
oh yeah, everything is changeable.
Like I could literally just like wake up and decide
I'm not doing that anymore, that kind of thing.
I'm veiling a lot of this, but like, yeah.
- The thing I'm actually worried about
is that I have gotten used to such a luxurious way of being.
When I say luxurious, I mean personally,
like I feel like so much is aligned.
- Lifestyle?
- Yeah, like in terms of my work,
I feel like so much is like aligned exactly perfectly.
Like who I'm working with, what I'm working on.
There's just like, there's so many like 1% scenarios
for each of one of those things.
And I'm like, is there a situation where like,
that falls out of alignment?
And I can't really get back there.
And then I just like am extra miserable
'cause I had a, like I think about like with ST,
like that's to me, it's like a great team.
I don't ever wanna work on a team worse than that,
or like worse than any way, worse than like,
just on the work we're doing, like the type of relationships
we have each other, like how our personalities mesh.
But that's like impossible.
Like that's really, really rare.
So, yeah, there's like a chance
that I never get that again, so that does worry me.
- Yeah, I used to have this thought
like five, six years ago about remote work.
Like I've just, I started my career remote
and I had worked at that point, you know, five or six years
remote and it was kind of like,
- What if this went away?
What if I had to actually get a job and go somewhere?
Because like, I just didn't have a remote option anymore.
'Cause back then it wasn't like a given.
It's more of a given today.
But even now, I mean, there's people doing
the return to office stuff and it's like,
I gotta move my family to Seattle now, that sucks.
That was very transparent.
- What do I'm talking about?
(laughing)
- AWS, AWS returned to office thing
and now I rest and moved to Seattle.
Yeah, it's like five, six years ago.
That was very much a thought that I would have
and I'd talk with Casey, like, what happens
if I just have to like, get a job somewhere
and actually not work in the home?
We've had to play that out in the past.
Well, we didn't have to, I just worry a lot, so.
- Yeah, no, but that's definitely a part of it too.
It's, yeah, just, just when everything is like correct,
it just feels really fragile too.
- Yeah.
- The counter point to that I think is that
as your career in life goes on,
you're just, you're building up a bigger and bigger foundation.
So you just have more ability to choose
what you want your life to be.
Like, I feel like I just enter the phase where I'm like,
able to choose in my life, like in the past couple of years.
- Yeah.
- I'm able to like, select certain things in my life
where, up till then it wasn't like,
I basically have to have no choice at all.
I don't have to do whatever.
- Yeah, we definitely talked about this.
I don't know if we've talked about it on the podcast
or just in DMs, but like the idea
that the first half of my career,
and I know you've said something similar,
was just like doing stuff.
You weren't being choosy.
It was just like, whatever anybody would pay you to do,
maybe not whatever anybody would pay you to do.
But I did a lot of stuff that was just like,
if you'll pay me to program, then I will do that work.
And then as your career goes on,
you get a little older, you get to be way more selective.
So maybe the thing I said earlier
about like having so many options,
maybe that's a kind of like first world problem,
but not everybody feels that way.
But at least at this stage of career,
it feels like I could wake up and decide to work on
any one of a hundred different things
that sound like a good idea with some smart person,
but like you have to choose a few.
If you ever wish, you just had one thing going on, sorry.
Have I said that before?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I always think about that.
I'm always like, would I be just so much better
if there was like--
- Is it impossible for us, like people in our position
to just choose one thing and work on that thing only?
- I think my issue is I can work
in many, many, many hours,
but I think for me there's,
I get into like many different moods
throughout those hours, like I might feel like working on
a bunch of like framework-y stuff for SSC for a while,
then I might feel like working on a bunch of front-end stuff
and then I might feel like working on some like,
just something not really a programming at all.
- Yeah.
- So I think there's, it's hard to find one project
that scratches all those itches, I guess.
- Yeah, if I just have one project,
I think I would just work fewer hours.
I think that's the result.
- So there's like a fantasy, but I don't think it's real.
- So I do actually work a lot fewer hours than I used to,
like that, but you know what?
I had this thought, you two,
I wondered if it was just because of having kids,
but I have this thought the other day,
I think I thought about tweeting it even.
And then I didn't see, when I have thought sometimes Dax,
I just don't tweet them.
What's that like, do you just tweet every thought?
- No.
The moment I think it's already out on Twitter,
like it just feels like one-in-one motion.
- You literally think straight into a tweet,
just go straight from your brain.
It doesn't even, like, it's not conscious at all.
Now I had this thought that like,
I used to work at least like, I don't know, 55, 60 hours.
I used to know the number because it was very like,
not legislated, what's the word I'm looking for?
It had been discussed a lot with my wife.
What was it?
What was the word?
- No, it's a transactional, but I don't think that was right.
- No, like when a judge, what is the word,
like it had been--
- Negotiated, Paul.
- There's a word here, and I just can't think of it.
It's gonna drive me crazy.
But like, oh, no, not legislated.
What is the word?
When someone like sues somebody and like,
the stuff comes up in court, there's a word you use--
- Litigated.
- It's like, litigated, yes.
So I used to have the number very ingrained in my brain
because it had been very litigated with my wife.
- I see, I see.
- It had come up a lot.
Like, how many hours have worked?
But it was like, whatever, 60 hours are like, let's say.
Like, when we first started stabbing,
it was like early startup days.
It was a lot of hours, had a very young family.
So like, just a baby, just one, one baby.
And it was like, work a ton.
And then that's been like, cut in half over the last decade
to the point where I have very little hours
that I actually work.
Like, I feel like compared to then,
I work a lot less hours, but you know what it did for me?
It just like, made me not have any distractions
'cause I don't have time for any distractions.
Like, I don't have fluff in my day anymore.
I still probably like wish I had a little bit more bandwidth
sometimes, but like, when I worked so much,
well, I guess, now that I think about it,
this is totally invalid.
I just lied because when I was working 60 hours a week,
it's not like I was like distracted.
Like, it was just literally working that much more.
- You know what the answer is?
- I think that I've gone through the exact same thing.
And I think back to like, I spent so many,
like, I've spent several years where I would just like,
wake up on my laptop, fall asleep with my laptop,
wake up on my laptop, what the hell was I doing?
It turns out I was just dumb.
I was just a lot dumber back then.
I think that's the real answer.
- That's what it is.
We're getting better.
- I think that's the real answer.
I think we're getting better.
The technology's getting better.
The same, like, I can't believe it.
I think back to some of the products that I built.
And I'm like, why did it take me so long?
And why did I need to write it three times?
- You just tweeted something.
- Yeah, exactly.
Like, I'm working on, like, we're back to working on
that ST console.
And this, like, really simple crud stuff for terminal.
I'm like, this is like what normal work is like?
This is so easy.
There's nothing to think about, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
- With SST, every single second of my day is like,
what is the future?
How do we position ourselves against it?
Like, what's gonna happen, what they are doing?
And it's just like, there's just so much, like,
up in the air and it's vague and confusing.
And then, and then for, like, terminal, it's like--
- It's not a little crud thing.
You're like, this is easy.
- Or these commerce sort.
You need the cost of an order product, product variance.
And then that's it.
Like, you just shove in a database and you're done.
And I'm just like, this is what most people work on.
Why are they, like, just talking about all these little
things all the time.
(laughing)
I'm actually very convinced that, and I said it's the other day,
deep in some thread, where I think as an engineer,
you have a natural desire to, like, want to build
abstractions and solve, like, engineering problems.
- Yeah. - 'Cause it's fun.
It's like a fun puzzle, it's very satisfying.
Everyone has a desire.
- Yeah.
- I think what I, and I remember being a lot like that,
and I think, and everyone has, like, different
varying degrees to it.
I think I had, like, I had this, like, feeling intensely,
'cause I would definitely spend a lot of time
over doing that with stuff I didn't need to be doing that with.
But then, I got an outlet for it.
Like, I got an outlet for it with SST, where that, like,
actually makes sense for me to, like, put the energy into.
- Yeah.
- So now, when I go and work on something normal,
I don't want any of that at all.
Like, I don't care about any of that.
I just want it to be, like, really straightforward
and simple, and whatever. - Yeah, yeah.
- So, like, I'm, like, not at risk of it,
and I got this outlet.
I think most engineers don't have the outlet,
so they force it into whatever they're working on.
- That makes sense.
Everyone's just kind of, like, faded to be in that zone.
- So, that's another benefit of having, like,
a few irons on the fire,
as you get to, like, scratch all these itches,
and then, ultimately, your work is better for it.
- Yeah, like, I think the tweet that I originally posted was,
and I've noticed with all of this
with a bunch of framework authors,
when they, when you go look at them,
when they build, like, something normal,
they just don't use anything, anything.
Like, every single framework author does not use ESLint.
And if you go out and say that,
I don't use ESLint, a lot of people will be,
we'll say that you're wrong or you're bad about a lot.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But every single framework author does not use ESLint.
And, like, stuff in that category, they just don't have,
like, when I go look at other companies' repos,
and I go look at their root port of repo,
there's, like, 20 files in the root.
And it's like, what is this?
Oh, we're using, like, all this stuff.
- Yeah.
- And to me, like--
- You have, too, when you have, like, a big team,
and you, they're all just dumb.
Is that, is that the idea?
- No, I don't think so.
I don't think it's that.
I just, I just think that, like--
- Sorry if I fit it.
- There's just, they just don't have the outlet, you know?
They don't have the outlet for--
- Yeah.
- I think it's just that, as much as it feels totally rational,
but I think it's really, like, you're definitely biased
by not having an outlet for that energy.
- Is this also related to your e-commerce platform
versus someone targeting e-commerce customers' tweet?
- I don't think so.
- No, okay, I'm reading into it.
I just didn't understand that tweet, that's all.
This reminds me of something completely different, too.
Did you see me on the other thing about how I said,
I don't understand how notable open source people
keep finding themselves in situations
where they're not, like, super happy, like, career-wise.
- No, I don't think I saw this.
I probably liked it.
- I wrote it about how, like, I don't know
how notable open source people
don't leverage themselves into better positions or something.
- Oh, I did see this, yeah.
- Yeah, a bunch of people reply to me being, like,
seeing all kinds of things, like...
- Oh, and I went for the money.
- It depends on your measure of happy
and, like, what is success?
- Yeah, all that stuff.
But, like, if you look at what I said,
I actually didn't say anything about that.
I just said into better position.
'Cause my whole point here was,
and we were talking to those earlier, right,
when you have a lot of options,
you get to pick your life more.
And that's, like, very clear to me.
It's like, if you can generate 100 options for yourself,
then you can say no to a bunch of them
and, like, be really, or, like, wait for the right option
to come around, like, you know,
kind of benefit from timing a little bit better.
And I feel like when you're an open source developer,
that's somewhat notable.
People are just entering in your life, like,
without you doing any work.
Like, there's people using your app.
They're messaging you about it.
They're submitting PR, just companies using it.
They, like, talk to you.
Like, the networking part of your life
is just, like, supercharged, right?
You don't do anything, people just enter your life.
And it's, like, crazy to me that people don't see that
as, like, if I just invest, like, a little bit
into, like, that part of it,
you don't have to do too much,
'cause you're way better stuff than anyone else.
You can then, like, just have a ton of options
and then pick whatever life you want.
'Cause I think I see so many open source people being, like,
oh, like, I don't have time to work on this thing
I wanna work on, because, like, I have this job
that I don't really like, and, like,
they're just doing it forever.
And, yeah, it's weird to me that, like,
there's, like, this career-mindedness thing
that you just need a little bit of,
but I think a lot of people just don't have any of it.
- Yeah, I mean, I can, I'm not gonna say names,
but I can think of examples where I feel like
they could have better situations, for sure.
I'm sure everyone could think of that,
just for the public perception, at least.
- Yeah, you take some examples where it has worked out,
like, I mean, take Rich Harris, for example, right?
He mates felt, spelt good, all that stuff.
And now he's blubbers himself into a position
where he just gets paid to work on that full-time.
- Yeah.
- And if you have any kind of framework
that's remotely that successful,
like, you should be able to do that too, you know?
- Yep.
- But yeah, people find it difficult, I guess.
- Okay, that's a good segue.
First take quick break while I pee.
- Okay.
- And this is an episode where we're,
I'm gonna come back after that,
'cause we've got more to talk about.
But I have to pee.
Well, I also had a lot of caffeine.
So it's maybe just earlier than normal.
I'll be right back.
Is it just pee?
'Cause I know caffeine does all their stuff to you.
- Yeah, yes, next.
This just got really weird.
Yes, I just have to pee.
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
- I, well, before we move on,
I just, I was just looking at something.
Did you see that GameStop stock is surging again?
- No, is this the Wall Street Bets thing again?
- Yeah.
- Robin Hood, the whole thing?
- It jumped from $10 to 50,
and that roaring kitty guys back,
they got it, like, leads all this stuff.
- Yeah.
- And this time, I'm like, I'm not just gonna watch,
but I'm on the evil side.
- Do you have skin in the game?
- Yeah, I bought puts, put options against it.
'Cause I'm like, we saw this play out.
- 'Cause it's definitely gonna fall.
- Yeah, we saw this play out before.
Like, I bought, I bought put options
like far into the future,
and like, I don't even know who's writing these options.
Like, why the fuck would you take those all you think?
(laughing)
I mean, there's complicated reasons why.
But anyway, yeah,
it's already like, fallen a bunch.
And we'll see, I was looking at it historically,
and like, it jumped up,
and then crashed like crazy, like crazy amount.
Then jumped up again, almost as high.
Like, these swings are crazy, and it like lasted.
It took like, it took a very long time for it to get back,
you know, it's still actually not as low as it used to be.
I don't know if it's something about the business change,
but yeah, like I said, they're trying it again.
- Interesting.
- And I made a whole movie about it already,
and now I guess I only got to make it sequel.
- Yeah.
- And it seems there too.
Wow.
- I just love that you're in this now.
Like, another trip to Europe is on the line.
- I love it.
- Exactly.
(laughing)
- Just a few weeks ago.
- We used to come up every year in two weeks,
not this weekend with a weekend after that.
Yeah, I'm excited.
- Yeah, it's really interesting actually.
This is a side tangent,
if there is such thing on our show.
But just the idea of like, markets have been around so long,
and then like technology has come along,
and obviously they've like evolved with technology,
but like they're not really,
are they really evolved to the point
of like modern day social media?
I mean, obviously not.
Like this whole GameStop thing is an example
where it's just like things weren't prepared
for this level of like coordination and memes,
and it's just like completely broke markets.
And they've now had to adapt more because of it, right?
- Yeah, I mean, I would argue this is actually
been the exact history of the market always.
It's like someone finds a strategy,
and it's unique and novel,
and it starts to produce really crazy results.
And then market adapts,
and then that strategy's no longer viable.
And which is why most headphones,
they go, they like shut down after like five or six years.
That's like the average time of the hedge fund.
- Yeah.
Whatever world idea that no longer works, that's working.
So that's why when you see the ones that are like
30, 40 years old.
- They're positive schemes.
- Oh, sorry.
(both laughing)
- It's made up.
- Maybe, or you know, it's actually really impressive
because it's quite hard to do something like that.
- To live that long.
- Okay, so there's things I want to talk about.
- Yeah.
- Or there's a thing I want to talk about.
And I think we've talked about this before, maybe.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
Who cares?
Just like the idea of,
and I don't want to say this in a way
that sounds like I'm like disagreeing with somebody
'cause I'm not.
Okay, I'm going to use a different word.
- You are disagreeing with them.
Just spit it out.
- Yeah, but it's like I'm not, I am, but I'm not.
You know what?
Oh, I can't say that either.
(both laughing)
This is so hard.
Sometimes I'm negative.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes I'm just, sometimes I'm pessimistic
or I'm negative in ways that like,
I feel like I should apologize.
I shouldn't apologize.
I don't feel like I should apologize,
but I feel like people think I should apologize
for being negative.
And here's my thought on it.
My thought is my wife and I figured this out
because in our relationship, in our marriage,
I am the optimistic, everything's going to work out
in our life and like, look at all that's in front of us.
And I've always been that way for 15 years we've been married.
I've always been like, oh man, the future is so bright.
And she in turn has to be like the Debbie Downer,
the like wet blanket on my,
she has to pull me back down to earth and I need that.
Or I will spin off into orbit,
into some manic craziness like, and I do sometimes.
But like she has to kind of be like,
let's put a little, we'll put the brakes on a little bit.
And I think every situation where there's somebody
to one extreme, you have to kind of like pull it back
or it just gets out of balance.
So she ends up feeling like she's constantly being a pessimist.
When she's not, like about other things in life,
she wouldn't be that way.
But she feels like in our relationship,
she has to like be the like realistic one.
And I think that's the case.
I think like on Twitter, just translating that dynamic
to the internet, I think when there's people
that are just overly fluffy and toxically positive,
then people have to pull it back the other way.
And if I gotta be that person, I'll be that person.
And I don't think it's right to be like,
everyone should be positive all the time.
If you're negative, you suck.
'Cause that's stupid.
Okay.
- Yeah, I have a bunch of thoughts on this.
So one, I think there's this weird dynamic where,
okay, so when you're like in the position
of like being somewhat of a public figure,
people start to put all these responsibilities on you
that are no one ever discussed.
It's just kind of the people talk about it
like it just assumed.
So for example, I obviously make fun of Next.js a lot.
I think we're applied being like,
so we're applied being like,
some of them that use Next.js, they were like,
hey, like why do you do this so much?
Like, yeah, I don't know, they didn't like it.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- And my reply to them was like,
I don't have, there's no like reason
that I need to like meet some standard
that you have created in your head.
Like I'm just a person.
And as a human, sometimes I find stuff funny
and I want to make fun of it.
Sometimes I want to be positive about something.
Sometimes I want to shit on something.
Sometimes I don't feel good
and I like express myself in a certain way.
Other times I'm very, very articulate.
I'm just a human person
and you're okay to find some of that behavior annoying.
Just like every person in your life,
sometimes they're being annoying,
sometimes they're being great.
Why is like, but for some reason,
when it comes to like this type of thing,
like people have to be like this paragon
of like some concept.
And a lot of people put that on themselves
and they start acting in a way
that I actually think is completely cowardly
if I'm just going to be straight up.
Like this, the thing that you're referring to,
like this like overly positive thing
to me is like one of the most cowardly things
you can possibly do.
There's so many things that just sound good to everyone
that you can just constantly say over and over and over.
- Yeah.
- You can actually dig into it.
They're completely devoid of meaning.
They're completely devoid of risk.
They're completely devoid of any kind of sacrifice
or like thinking or like taking a stand.
So like, you know, it's,
there's so much feel good stuff out there
that people are demanding from you
that everyone wants you to like, you know,
say these things and then a bunch of people say those things
and people are like, oh, yeah, that's so great.
And you're like, you're so enlightened and it's wise,
but it's really not.
So yeah, it's just like everyone is just a person
and people are complex in different situations.
They're not going to like be this one dimensional thing
that you're demanding of them.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. And I feel like it's,
there's a dichotomy for me, like in person,
I am a person from the Midwest
and I have a lot of like stuff I have to work through
that's like, fakeness, like a layer of glossy fakeness
that I just can't like shed
when it comes to in-person social interactions.
But on the internet, I don't feel like I have that as much.
I feel like I can just be myself
or say what I actually think.
So I do have this weird like,
maybe I overcompensate for my Midwesternness on the internet
and I'm too something at times.
But I don't know, I don't feel bad for saying things
that are maybe negative or like pulling back
in opposite directions from things that I feel like,
sorry, my kids are just screaming so loud.
It's very distracting.
I don't know if it's coming through,
but one of them is very upset with the other.
Maybe that's a metaphor, it's in this situation.
Sometimes you just, you're in a bad mood
or something just annoys you
and it's okay to say that online.
And everything I say is not going to be like,
let's think best-case scenario and be positive.
- Yeah, and it's like if people don't like it,
they can unfollow you and you're just,
you're just doing your express yourself
and everyone just can't do that.
And this whole thing where people are like
trying to police being like, that was bad.
Like I'm judging you 'cause that was bad.
It's really weird to do that in real life.
It's like really, really, really weird.
Like you have friends and sometimes they,
they things that are annoying,
but they're still your friend, you know?
If they go over the line, they stop being your friend.
And that's okay, you know?
- Yeah.
- So it's just like, it's really weird.
But one interaction I had when I said that,
the other person was like, they like actually heard it.
They like, they got it.
They're like, oh, okay.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause they're like, that actually does make sense.
Like I can find you annoying and you are allowed
to be annoying.
It's actually that simple.
- It's that simple.
- Yeah.
The other thing is like people love to judge moments
and like moments can look really bad out of context.
So if you are being negative,
because one thing happened to you once,
okay, I can see why someone would judge you for that.
If you're being negative after like a year of frustration,
that's like a totally different story, right?
So yeah, people just wanna like take like single sentences
and be like, that was a good one or that was a bad one.
And it's just nothing is that simple, you know?
- It's also complicated as I'm thinking through it
because like it might be the first time
they've seen anything from you or the three things
they've seen from you were pretty negative.
And it's like, for them it is a pattern.
But like they don't have the broader context.
It's complicated.
It's amazing that anybody likes anybody actually.
We're all just awful.
- That dynamic you talked about is actually so funny
'cause I'll get comments like,
oh, wow, you like do post smart stuff once in a while.
But like, and then it's to me it's like,
they must have just been seeing like all my dumb posts
back to back.
'Cause I feel like I like do both every single day,
but there's a chance that you only sit dumb ones every day.
- You only sit dumb ones?
- Yeah, and then at one time you see a smart one
and you're like, huh, this is like a totally different person
than I thought they were.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- So you definitely come off one dimensional
because of the way that whole thing works.
- Yeah, and it's funny like, I don't know if you do this,
but there is like a feedback loop where people respond
to certain parts of you when you put parts of you out there
on the internet 'cause we're multi-faceted.
We're complex creatures.
And like, I express myself in different ways.
And then people react and you kind of start to like think
about like, oh, is that the person I am on the internet?
Is that who I come off as?
Oh, do I want to be that person?
And then it like influences my thoughts.
You probably don't do this.
You just straight from brain to Twitter
and you don't think about it.
I overanalyze everything.
So that's why I started this conversation.
What's that?
- People want people want you to do that.
They want you to overanalyze it and like--
- That's true.
- You know, police yourself, but it's just not serious.
It's just a bunch of words.
And like, it's not related to my job.
It's not like, you're not impacting their job.
It's like, there's nothing real.
So it's especially weird when people are treated
more seriously than their real life relationships.
- Yep, yep, yep, yep.
- Yeah.
- Okay, that's enough about that.
That's all I want to say.
- Yeah.
I don't even know if I said anything.
That's all I want to say about it.
(laughing)
I'm like kind of walking on eggshells
'cause there's people I really respect.
- We all know what you're doing.
- Wait, what, really?
There's people you respect?
- Well, hang on.
You didn't even finish this sentence.
- I don't have anyone I respect.
- You don't respect anybody.
Okay, that's fair.
I believe that actually.
There's people I really respect
that I think have a stance that's more like,
there's no room for negativity on the internet.
I don't know.
That's an exaggerated form of what they would say.
But, man, I'm really trying to walk on eggshells here.
And there's like, it's stupid.
I shouldn't.
Who listens to this?
Is anyone even listening right now?
(laughing)
- Well, I linked that tweet that I posted a while ago
where when I was in that manager role for a little bit,
there are situations that you'll run into
where there's a conflict.
And one person, when you look at the conflict on the surface,
one person's like totally behaving outside the realm
of what's like quote unquote professional.
Like they're being negative or they're like,
maybe both are kind of outside the range,
but like one is clearly like way outside the range.
- Yeah.
- So people instinct is like,
okay, let's try to like find both of them.
Find the middle ground for both them.
The classic thing.
And you interview any other real manager.
I would get them in a room.
I would get them in a room together and I would
make them work out their differences.
And this is what every manager does.
And this to me is equivalent of this like feel goodery.
It's like, oh yeah, everyone has a perspective
and one person is right and the other person is also right.
And there's like some common ground thinking for themselves.
And every manager sees this as a role.
But again, this is super cowardly
'cause what's a manager actually doing?
They're protecting their own relationship with both of them.
They're like, I don't want other than to be too upset with me.
So let me just make sure they both equally win and lose.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And I think a good manager digs deeper
and oftentimes they find that the person
that's acting extra unreasonably
is because they've been pushed really far
by the other person who's very good at acting professional
but like being extremely annoying.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Like imagine that you have a real problem.
Like someone didn't do their job.
Like you're working on so many other one person
didn't do their job.
But like they're like just responding to you
in this like really professional way
and like still not doing their job
but like being really like professional
and like just kind of shifting stuff around.
That'll drive you insane
if you're someone that actually trying to do stuff
gets up done, right?
You're gonna start like acting like a crazy person.
- Yeah.
- I would see these situations all the time
and I'm like, my actual job is to figure out
someone is right here.
In this situation and oftentimes complex,
one person is in the right and that person is in the wrong.
Take a side with them
and then just like destroy the other person
because that's like what will actually
make your team more productive.
And you as a manager, you're actually risking something there.
Like you might be wrong, but like assume you're not.
One person is gonna be really mad at you.
Other people watching you, the other manager,
this is also a huge thing with middle managers.
Like all the middle managers are watching each other.
They're gonna look at that
and be like, they're not gonna think you're bad
'cause you didn't like find compromise.
But what does a good leader do?
That's what a good leader does.
So I feel like a lot of this stuff stems
from this type of situation
where people are actually just looking out for themselves
as opposed to really thinking about
what's actually going on here
and what's like the right outcome.
- Yeah, I can't articulate it like you
and I can't put my finger on it.
But I have this like internal feeling
when people are doing this thing,
which is what you're describing this like,
it looks so good and it looks like from the outside.
Like of course, this is the reasonable thing
you should be doing on Twitter and replies.
It just feels wrong and it just feels so,
yeah, self-serving or something.
And I just wanna like scream, it's not like I think I'm right.
- And that person is driving you crazy, right?
Now you're acting like a crazy person.
That's what's so insidious about this stuff
because it looks positive
but is like the most annoying thing in the world.
- Yes.
And I think like I just wanna say publicly,
but I don't think I'm right all the time.
Like it doesn't, it's not like I think I'm always right.
But like, I don't care.
(laughing)
I'm gonna say what I think and what I feel on Twitter
because what's the point otherwise?
And that's fine.
You can like, you can not like me because of it.
I'm not, I don't know.
I don't wanna just like constantly be like the counter
to somebody's like the thorn in their side.
If that makes sense.
I do feel like that's just like a waste of my energy and time.
But like when people are being extra annoying in my eyes,
I'm probably just gonna like talk a lot about it.
And I'm sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I don't know.
(laughing)
But yeah, I mean, people, I think people are just very lost.
That's the feeling I get when people talk like that.
I'm just like, they're just completely lost.
Like, I think I say all the time where I feel the purpose
of life is just to like, make sense of all of it.
And whenever I see people like that,
I'm like, they're so confused.
I just have no idea what's going on.
And like, they're just completely lost
and it sucks to live a life where you never really get it, you know?
- I don't know if I get it.
Do I get it?
I don't know if I get it.
- Everyone gets it to various degrees.
Yeah.
- The way you're speaking is so better
than the thing you're speaking about, so.
- Okay.
Still feel pretty lost, but okay.
That's another topic for another day.
- We're all lost.
We just talked earlier about how we can go forwards in time.
Like, that's confusing.
- That's crazy.
Let's go forwards in time.
Let's do it.
That sounds awesome.
- I would love to do that.
If I go there's like sleep for 10 years?
It is not eight.
- Oh, like, 100% free year or whatever.
And then like, come back.
Why 10?
Let's go further.
- I mean, you kind of want to check in
every X amount of years, just so you don't like overshoot.
And like, suddenly you wake up when everyone's gone.
Yeah, no humans and just all robots.
Like, you don't want that.
'Cause you can't go back.
There's a whole future on my episode about this.
I found it so funny.
They invent the time machine, but can only go forward.
And they're testing it and they're trying to go forward
like two minutes, but they hit the lever too hard
and they go forward like a thousand years and like,
shit, okay.
Let's keep jumping forward until someone invents
a backwards time machine.
And they're like, they're like witnessing all this crazy stuff.
And they finally, finally like some other civilization
emerges and they seem like sophisticated and intelligent.
They're like, okay, it's going to take us 100 years,
come back in 100 years, but then they get wiped out too
by some stupid thing.
And then it was like, all right, we're screwed.
They just like push the lever all the way.
And then it just goes to the end of like entropy,
like everything just completely dissolves.
And then it reboots and starts over from the beginning.
Oh, cool.
Now we can get back to where we were.
And they overshoot it again.
And then they let me hit you and I try to kill Hitler
on the way as a bunch of funny stuff.
But I got to watch that show.
I mean, I don't have any time to invest.
But yeah, it's not like that's that's a funny concept
because I think it's true.
I think you could invent a way to go forward,
but you're stuck if you overshoot something, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, this was, this was, you also said something
that reminded me of a tweet I just saw,
which is like some person, I don't know anything about them
or whether they're credible, but they've made some tweet
about like 70% sure AI is going to kill us all.
And they were serious.
Like it was like a sincere post.
Adam, the person that posted that is that birthday,
orgy birthday gang bang girl.
I'm sorry, what am I supposed to have context
for what birthday?
I told you about this whole thing
in like a couple, like a bunch of episodes ago.
Oh, really?
About a birthday orgy girl?
This is that woman that like
is really into like quote unquote sex research
and has like and does all this like really crazy stuff
related to sex and like documents it
in this like hyper like quantitative way.
I'm just really like kind of concerned at this moment
that I don't remember this.
I feel like it's such a distinct and like notable thing
to forget, but I literally don't remember this.
Okay, let's move on from that point.
But for the record, I think,
and we talked a little bit while you were in Miami actually,
the whole scientism thing.
Yeah, yeah.
I do not like her.
And I think she's like a fake intellectual.
Like I think that's exactly.
Okay.
So you knew who this person was.
And so when I saw our post that I was like,
that's what I expect.
And like to be clear, I wasn't like influenced
by this tweet like, oh God, we're all gonna die.
I just saw that tweet.
And then you just said something about moving too far
in the future and it's all robots.
And I was like, oh, hey, that's what that person's saying.
They were saying that they strongly believe that's a point
where they're like shifting how they live their life
so that they are investing in saving risks.
They're trying to like take more risks,
worried about long-term health less.
Yeah, yeah, which is fine.
But I just, that's like really crazy to me, I don't know.
Yeah, that's nuts.
It's to be that certain of it.
I also just don't see the like rational concern
over AI right now.
Like I just don't see it.
I don't see what they would see that they'd be like,
look at these LLMs, we're doomed, I don't know.
I'm not like trying to do the other side of the joke
where it's like, these things are so stupid.
I just don't think like this is gonna lead to like robots
taking over, I don't know.
Yeah, it's actually really crazy because having,
it's so hard man, like just understanding all this stuff
is just so hard because we all went to the crypto thing
and like, we saw people talk like this
where they were so sure of some like crazy shift
that was gonna happen.
And for very specific reasons,
they were like misguided about that or like it didn't.
Yeah, I think a lot of people take that
and it's kind of blanket apply to anything new.
They're like, if there's any new and people are excited
about it, it's probably wrong, which is not right.
But also probably they are wrong.
So you guys have to figure out like exactly why they are.
So it's just like, it's a lot.
And it's kind of what I was saying.
When I go to build a crud app, I'm like, this is easy.
Like, you know, so much ease and a lot of stuff
that I'm trying to think about.
That's why I feel like I have a hard time commenting
on any of it because I feel like these people are surely
like really in the weeds and doing research, right?
Like I'm just busy making crud apps over here.
And it's like, I haven't had time to think about any of this
very hard, but it just seems ridiculous
that people take strong stances
on either side of the argument.
Like we should accelerate or decelerate or whatever.
I could just, I assume these people are doing like
real research and they have real thoughts
with capital letters.
But then I'm like, I don't know, people are kind of stupid.
And like, maybe not.
Maybe it's just as simple as it seems.
- When it comes to predicting the future,
experts do not do better than the average person.
- Okay, so I'm an average person and I just predict.
- There's more, there's more confident in their predictions.
- Yeah, do you start to feel like you're taking crazy pills
when like every big company has jumped so hard
into the AI thing?
Like that didn't happen with crypto.
They've like, they've gone all, like all their events
are just basically like AI.
I mean, there's the Google thing, meme,
like all the times people said AI.
But like AWS became an AI company.
Like all these things are happening
where it's like the biggest companies in the world
have like gone so hard.
And it just almost seems like a meme.
Like it's hilarious to me that they've gone so hard
to see on this path.
I don't know, maybe I'm just, I'm too busy
in the muck of inconsequential things
to see the big picture or something.
I don't know.
- I think there's, again, just both sides.
Like yes, there is really something there to align yourself
with and it makes sense why they're doing that.
But at the same time, like I just,
some of this earlier today,
like you think about like serious stuff in the world,
like political conflicts, like wars and there's people
that stay their job is like think about that and manage it.
- Yeah.
- And at some point you get to an age where you're like,
'cause your whole life, you're like,
those are grownups and like I'm like not a grownup.
And those are grownups doing like the grownup things.
But then eventually you realize like.
- Yeah, this is exactly the feeling.
- They're actually the same as you.
And probably a lot of them are stupid
or like less capable or less, less competent.
And it's just random.
The fact that they're working on that
and you're working on this is just an entirely random thing.
And it's really weird to like re-wire your minds
'cause like it really just feels like they're in charge
and I'm like a kid.
- Yeah.
- And it's hard to realize like they're actually just like you
and they wake up and have the same thoughts
and it's actually the exact same person.
It's like a different species
or like a completely different experience.
So I think in corporate situations it's actually even worse
'cause I think that people that run these bigger companies
are actually extremely likely to be less competent
than you extremely likely to like have less sense
of what's actually going on.
And they're in an environment where like even me
or you entering that environment would be much worse.
So it's like, just these companies are so big and successful
you like start to feel like the individuals there reflect that
but they don't really like they're just like you and me
and they're in a worse situation.
So yeah, these companies do stuff like that all the time
and it doesn't make sense.
Did you watch the Google I/O?
I don't know if you watched it
but you saw like the Google I/O stuff, right?
- I've just, I've literally the two things I've seen
and I haven't listened to the audio of the guy.
I guess these are, is he a DJ?
Who is he?
I don't know, the guy running around.
I've been just following him for 10 years.
Like it's my usual 10 years but for real it's different.
- You have been following for 10 years?
Oh, is he like a legitimate person?
- Yeah, he's in New York and he's like a,
okay, I wish to go ahead and pronounce his last name.
It's like Mark Rebecca or something like that.
- Okay.
- So I saw him pop up, I don't know, like,
I don't remember when, like early on
he wasn't that big 'cause he would make these videos
where he would just be in his like,
jiddy Brooklyn apartment and he'd like,
start from nothing like burp into a microphone
and like turn that into like a whole song
and just be going nuts and going crazy
and like, and he like, what, he like,
got so popular, went super viral.
But there is a video of him from when he was a kid
where this news crew, you know,
back when like iPhones were such a big deal
and there'd be like lines around the store
when an iPhone came out?
- Yeah, yeah. There's a video of a news crew filming him
and he's like first in line of the iPhone store
and someone that's trying to buy like 10 iPhones
pays him a bunch of money to take a spot, okay?
- Okay.
- And she takes a spot and he goes to the back line
and just waits and then the store is like,
limit one per person.
So he sold the spot and got a free iPhone.
This like went like viral for back in the day, you know,
when like the local news covers it
and like all the new shows are playing it.
Yeah. And then he like, you know,
then became this random like music producer DJ person
and now he's like doing the Google I/O event.
It's a, what a trajectory of his life.
- So I've seen him taking off a robe
and like, having seen the robe on.
- He's super funny.
- That's what I've seen.
And then I've seen with audio,
I've seen the, all the times I said AI
and I thought that was funny.
That's all I've seen in Google I/O.
I just don't care.
- So something like, I had it playing on the background
and I'm about to talk about this very dramatically.
Prepare yourself.
It's my favorite.
It like, I felt like something like break in my like soul.
Like listening to this.
Because it is, it is just this big event
that you know that they spent millions on.
You know they've been planning it for months
and it is just corporate dork after corporate dork
just talking about the least inspiring thing ever.
And the moment where my soul,
I could feel my soul break was
there was this person giving their thing
and it was like really boring, not engaging, not exciting.
And she ends it with.
Oh, and one more thing.
We're increasing context window to two million.
And I realized that's the Steve Jobs thing.
She's just doing the, oh yeah.
And one more thing.
And think about like when he first did it.
Like so innovative, the level of showmanship,
the delivery of the drama.
Like so well done.
Like it's just pinnacle of whatever that is.
And she just followed some template
and she just threw his thing in there at the end.
And I'm just like, this like really hurt me
for some reason.
I'm just like, I cannot believe that.
They're just following this template
that I'm not even thinking about what they're doing.
Like, they're copying this thing that I came in articulated
just like, it's just so exciting.
- There's just a few bright spots in humanity.
You realize how few like people get it
and are actually capable of like wowing you
or like inspiring you.
And then there's a whole bunch of people
just following those leads.
- And that's Google.
- Copying it is one thing but copying it to a degree
where it's clear you don't even understand
why it's worth copying it in the first place.
That's just like, it's brutal.
- That whole thing, like the fact that Google
even has a conference, the whole thing just feels
like a giant joke to me because at the end of the day,
it's like the only thing that matters at Google
is they're gonna keep selling ads on search results pages
until that goes away, until the heat depth of the universe
or advertising is no longer viable.
Everything else they talk about, who cares?
It doesn't matter.
It literally doesn't matter.
So they can get up there and talk about whatever they want.
It doesn't matter.
Like they're gonna sell ads
and they're gonna kill everything else they ever do.
It's just, they're just a giant joke.
- And what's so funny to me is they're like, you know,
the internet company, like the prototypical internet company
but they don't operate like they're in an internet company
at all.
Like the thing where OpenAI put together an event
that happened the day before, you know,
they timed that on purpose.
The event probably took them maybe a week to put together
and they posted it like Sam Altman was just recording it
on this phone in front of it.
And they totally upstayed just much bigger thing.
Like forget the fact that maybe the product was actually
better even if you take that out of the picture.
We all saw a bunch of stuff and then the next day
we saw Google show the same stuff in our worst way.
So way more nimble, way less, like just,
they're thinking like, you know, it's the internet.
Like you don't need to, like you have so much leverage
if you do things in a certain way.
Like you can just completely crush someone with way more
money to spend on this stuff.
And you need, I was like, go need to fire every single person.
Like they don't understand that they should not
be in that role.
- But we got to talk about the OpenAI event as well.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was gonna ask you about that.
- So the only thing I want to talk about,
and we can talk about actual stuff,
but the only thing I want to talk about
is this feeling I had when I saw this tweet from,
I don't know who it is, maybe you know this woman
from some orgies or something, but this woman tweeted
that it was like a quote tweet of one of the demos
that this nerd OpenAI guy with this goofy grin
is like doing the demo.
And she's just quote tweeting to say like,
why is the voice so like turned on sounding or whatever.
Like hyper sexualized or whatever.
Like why is this woman?
It sounds like, I think the tweet was like,
sounds like a woman invented by men.
- Yeah.
- Which is, I don't know, there's probably some truth in it.
But then I realized like looking at that tweet
through the replies, I hate both sides
of men's responses to it.
Like literally hate both of them.
I hate the people, the guys who are like,
oh, grow up women, like just try to make everything about you.
I hate those guys, they sound like assholes.
And then I hate the guys that are like,
I know, isn't it terrible?
Like I get it, I'm with you, I hate both of them.
I just hate them.
I just, I think the only good response from a man
when you see that tweet is literally don't respond.
Just don't respond.
That's it, that's the only good response.
Just don't.
(both laughing)
Sorry, that's the only thought I had about open AI.
- That's so good.
Yeah, it's a, it's a thing.
Me and Liz were talking about this.
I think Paul Graham talked about this,
that if you are truly an independent thinker,
sometimes you will find yourself
on the side of people you hate.
Right, like, oh man, I'm on, I believe in this,
but like, ah, this other guy also believes in it.
You should find yourself in situations like that.
And you should find yourself in situations
where you just hate both sides.
If you're in never in those situations,
like you're not actually really thinking.
But yeah, I did see them and that was funny.
What did you think about the,
you saw the video of the actual demo,
like the way it was talking?
Did you have any thoughts about that?
- I don't know, I guess that thought
it could already do all that stuff.
- Is there something that I haven't seen
probably as much as you?
I have played with, like it's available, right?
The open AI or the chat GPT app, like.
- Okay, so there was a multi-model stuff.
There's like a new model.
- It could already take,
it could already describe images to you.
- Yeah, but I think it was like,
you can kind of, you can like do video now also.
- Oh, this video.
- And you can, that's a distinction.
- It's more fluid and seamless basically.
And the other thing was like all the audio generation
improvements they did where like it can do
- Oh, I did hear.
- But if you have friends and emotions,
you can tell do a sing song voice,
you can like sing.
- It was singing.
- Yeah, I heard that.
- You can say do a story in like a robotic voice.
You can do anything and it basically does it,
which was extremely cool.
And I thought it was like a really cool demo.
And I'm like, if you're a kid,
like this is probably so fun.
If you're, you know, as an adult,
if you're going to play with it,
like it's, it's really interesting.
I have this weird feeling where what I liked
about chat GPT is that it was not like a human
or humans have feelings and emotions.
And like there's a whole layer of communicating
with the human properly that you need to do
to like work around these things.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And I feel like with this voice thing for like serious work,
they're making it more like a human,
but in ways that I find less efficient,
like I don't need it to be like,
oh, you know, like say things like that,
like say, um, or like laugh in between things or like,
- Yeah.
- It's more natural for sure.
And then in certain contexts, that's great.
But, but it's kind of a thing we didn't need to bring over
to the, yeah.
- If I'm like trying to tap into a super intelligence,
like, yeah, I don't want that stuff, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
No, I get that.
Yeah, I get why people want it.
And I get why, like, we don't need it as well.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
But people were going crazy with the,
cause everybody wouldn't have heard.
- Yeah, I've never seen her.
- I mean, it's a really good movie.
- It's extremely good.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- I'll put it on the list.
- I think maybe that's the next one I'll watch.
I'm not gonna watch Dune 2, but then I'll watch her.
- Yeah, Dune 2's out now.
- I know, so I've, it's been out, quote unquote,
it's been out for weeks now,
but in varying degrees of quality.
So, there was like an early version of it
that was like 3.1 audio or whatever.
And then when it came out on streaming, we got the 5.1.
Now we're up to the 7.1 tree.
- Oh, there we go, there we go.
- Yeah.
- Now you need that for that movie.
- What, the audio in that movie is better than anything.
I've ever heard.
- I know, and the first one was so good.
It was like how I tested my system.
- Yeah.
- And I just can't wait for, I wasn't gonna watch it
until it was the best possible audio experience.
- No, definitely not before.
- Now I can't watch it 'cause my four year old
has decided he wants to sleep on the couch
in our living room and it's two,
like the audio would get to him.
Like I would wake him up in the morning.
I watch movies before they wake up.
Like that's my time for like,
if I'm gonna do it on a Saturday morning,
I go in there at like 4.30 and I watch a movie
before everybody is out of bed.
Like that's how I can watch a movie.
I can't do it 'cause he's not in his room.
It's a stamp machine, he's in the living room and it's new.
- Oh my God.
- It's a whole thing.
We're working on it.
- Just lock him in your room, in his room.
- Yeah, it's not that easy.
It's not.
- It's just unfortunately.
- It's just like sorry.
Oh yeah, I forget, you're good at parenting advice.
(laughing)
- 'Cause you have a dog, it's Zuko's birthday today.
- Is it really?
- Yeah.
- Happy birthday, Zuko, that's amazing.
- Turning to, he had his friend Kamaru yesterday
and they played for four hours.
- I saw a picture, four hours of different butts.
That's what that was.
- They were around wrestling.
There was even some bleeding going on.
The other dog bit its own time.
- Bleeding?
- Yeah.
- Oh, he bit his own tongue.
- Yeah, it was like bled all over my deck area.
- Oh no.
- But then she was like fine, like two minutes after.
I just like, the wound just like sealed itself.
The dogs heal so fast, it's insane.
- So there's dog healing, but then also just like
inside of your mouth, what's the deal with that?
Like how does it just heal so fast?
'Cause you bite your lip or whatever and it's bleeding
and then like three minutes later, it's not.
But it's all wet in there?
Like how does it even stop?
I don't understand it.
- I don't know.
So that was his birthday.
He had to play for four hours and he was dead.
- Four hours.
- And today we're gonna go to the pet store
and we let him like, just walk around by himself.
- Choose any toy he wants.
- Yeah.
- Last year he picked a giant sheep,
like a giant stuffed sheep.
But we'll see what happens this year.
- Oh, a sheep.
I thought he said a giant sheep
and I was waiting for the last word.
- I don't know.
- A giant sheep.
- It wasn't sheep.
(laughing)
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- He picked a giant sheep.
I can't believe I didn't see the giant sheep
when I was in Miami.
- No, no, he destroyed it very quickly.
- Oh, okay.
(laughing)
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- That's so funny.
I thought you were gonna say, when you said sheep,
it just reminded me of like, when you take kids
to like pick something out, like I take them to the place
where there's a bunch of legosets and stuff.
And it's like, you could choose anything
you're gonna choose to like $25 like 300 piece legoset.
Like, look at this giant castle, come on now.
Like, no, they're stuck on this suitable set
and they want it.
Like, okay.
- Yeah, you know, having a dog and having a kid
exactly the same.
- Exactly the same.
Yeah, we basically live the same life.
- Tell your kid to sit and then tell him to come
and then more him to his room and then close the door
behind and then just watch your movie.
(laughing)
Go to sleep and then you come back and get him
and be happy to see you and get him a little treat.
- It's so funny because I know there's like parents
that are triggered right now about me just saying
that little bit I said, but like,
why wouldn't you just make them sleep in the room?
Like, there's a lot of context here.
Just, you don't understand.
Just like Dax doesn't understand.
You don't understand.
- No, I do understand.
- You do.
I love it.
That's another thing where I think I hate both sides.
I hate the people who are like on your side
and the other side.
Oh, I just hate both of it.
No, no.
(laughing)
I'm an independent thinker, you know?
- Oh, I see.
- Okay, hang on.
But before we get off, at some point in a previous episode,
you told me you're gonna rebuild your house somewhere else.
And we're like, you really talked about it?
And I'm like, why do you have to go that far?
Like, I don't understand.
Like, why do you have to rebuild your exact house?
- Well, okay.
So, I mean, I've told you, like, we moved to Florida.
Like, we did that.
- I understand the whole journey
and I understand how you're really happy with your house now.
- Okay, but what do you not understand?
- You don't think it's weird that you--
- That's the whole thing.
- If you're gonna build a second house,
if you're gonna go through that work
and that costs and everything,
that you're just gonna build an identical house, like--
- So you're saying, like,
why wouldn't you build a different house?
- Why wouldn't you build a different house?
Isn't there, like, a half step you can do
where you just, like, rent a place for some part of the year
and then go back?
- Okay, yeah, I understand what I was saying.
- Yeah, you took it a little too, literally.
'Cause I don't know that we're actually gonna do
the building of the other house.
- Okay, we are gonna probably spend our--
- Yeah, it's an idea that we picked around.
It removes some downsides.
We are probably gonna spend, just for what it's worth,
winter in South Florida, this coming winter.
Like, we're not gonna spend this coming winter in Missouri.
We're gonna Airbnb something for like two, three months,
knowing we can come back to our house.
It's not as traumatic 'cause we can come back home.
So we are gonna do that this winter.
And then, long term, it's just like,
we love this situation.
We don't wanna move our kids,
but it almost opens up an avenue where we could move our kids
because it's the same house.
And it would feel like not that much changed.
Like, they don't have that many ties
to this location other than this house.
So if we just built the same house,
we can kind of like circumvent.
It's like a life hack or something.
- I'm trying to understand this though,
because I understand a house that you don't like
and it's uncomfortable for your family
and everyone's kind of like, you know, on edge because of that.
But the part that's confusing me
is why did it have to be like a trick
where they think they're in the same exact house?
Why can't it also be a comfortable house that, you know,
isn't like a clone?
- It's just, it's the familiarity.
Like, I would feel it if it were a nice house,
but it's a different house, then everything is uprooted.
It's like, everything is different
and you feel that day to day.
If it were the same house--
- But then what about the furniture in the house?
It's like, is that gonna also match?
- I mean, it would have to, yeah.
- This is like really weird.
I believe you have an explanation for it,
but like you're not giving me enough that--
- Okay.
- This starts to make any amount of sense.
- I mean, but you get the mechanism, right?
Like the mechanism here is,
if we had this exact environment in another place,
our family probably wouldn't even notice,
because we don't leave that much.
- Why is the goal to like, not notice that you've changed?
- It's like, I imagine kids walking around
and they look and they're like,
they realize that like, one piece of furniture
is a slightly different angle.
And then they're like, oh my God, I'm like somewhere else.
And like the whole like, like something shatters
and they just like explode.
- Think about the other extreme, like military kids,
kids that move around constantly.
- Yeah, no, I get that.
- That like shapes them.
It like, it affects their well-being, right?
Or maybe not, maybe in positive ways too, but like,
it defines-- - Right, it's a type of person
and life that you have, yeah.
- And we are on the far end of that other side
of the spectrum where, oh, my four-year-old especially
is very sensitive to change.
- I see.
- Oh, there's an example, I'm blanking,
just in the last week, there's an example
of something that changed ever so slightly
and it was days of pain.
Like I'm not kidding you when I say like--
- I see, okay.
- So there's a name, I hate to even throw this out there
because I feel like the boomers that listen to us,
of which I'm sure there are many,
are gonna be like, blah, whatever.
Like you're making up terms.
It's called pathological demand avoidance
and it's a psychological condition in children.
They think, I'm still very new science,
but like our kid has a very extreme neurological thing.
It's about like regulating your nervous system.
Basically he's in fight or flight all the time.
Like constantly feels like he's out of control
and he can't cope.
So other people might say that doesn't exist,
whatever, it exists, believe me.
I've raised two children and the first one was not like this.
Our nine year old was four once.
- This is funny 'cause this is actually exactly
like having a dog.
- Oh, maybe.
- Yeah.
- Like any very sensitive to their environment.
- Yeah, because dogs have no ability
to predict if they don't know what's gonna happen.
Now you can't tell them later we're gonna do this.
So the always way they have stability
is knowing exactly how every single day is gonna work
that they know in the morning this happens
and knowing that this happens during this time this happens.
And if you take, if you have like variability to that,
like their behavior changes
'cause they just can't deal with what's gonna happen.
So as a dog owner, I totally get it.
- You totally understand, I'm so glad.
We were all like, okay, I got it.
Because, so without that context,
you understand what you were describing sounds
like really, I think you would take for granted
that like shifts is gonna be a big deal.
- I didn't see it.
I now see the bizarreness.
Yeah, it's so, I'm so in the thick of it.
And for years now, like, for a year, maybe two years,
that it's just so normal to me to think that way.
I didn't even see it from the outside.
Now I get that I sound like a crazy person.
- Well, yeah, to me, it seems like some like sci-fi situation
or like some kind of like sci-fi/horror situation
where like-- - Like a black mirror episode.
- Yeah, they're in some kind of simulation
and like, then they realize it's changed and it's like,
you know, it's just-- - Yeah, I see it now.
I see it, it's not normal.
Our life is not normal, is what I would say.
- Do you think he'll be okay just going?
Like, you guys are playing this winner?
Is that gonna be like--
- Oh, we have no idea.
We literally can't take him to Kansas.
I mean, we can't like, there's days
where we really need to go somewhere and we just,
we can't because we can't leave the house
'cause he won't come and we don't have a babysitter.
Like, we have no idea.
I have no idea.
I tell myself, I hope six months from now,
like every year, I think will get easier
'cause I think he learned, he'll learn to cope
and just social pressures and things will help.
But this has been a tough age.
So yeah, I have no idea if it'll work.
We just, we hope we can get him on a plane again.
He used to fly, like when we were little,
when he was little, we took him places.
Anyway, it's just got intimate.
I guess that's what this podcast is.
Just, we talk about real life stuff.
We've been talking a long time.
This is an hour and 26.
Whoa, it's a long episode.
I know.
Who makes it to me?
There's a little bit in the middle
that gets cut out when I peed.
What's that?
If people made it to the end?
No, whatever.
Where's this thing right now
are people that made it to the end?
And they're, they're truly a special ones.
Yeah, that's pretty crazy, actually.
To think, can you imagine listening to us
for an hour and 26 minutes?
I mean, I guess like they could speed it up.
They could do two times.
Cool.
That's another thing.
So I listen to podcasts.
Well, I lately not as much,
but I always listen to it.
Some multiple, right?
And if you ever listened to them at one time speed,
their voice is so different.
They sound drunk and stupid.
And do you ever think about that?
Like people who listen to us on 1.5 speed or whatever,
if they heard it's in person, they'd be like,
it's talk so slow.
I don't want to think about that.
Yeah.
A big part of my identity is sounding
like I know what I'm talking about.
So if you're coming across stupid,
like it's not good.
This is actually why I haven't learned Spanish
is because I haven't gotten over
the fear of sounding stupid.
Yeah.
There's a lot of reasons I haven't learned Spanish.
I guess that might be one of the other ones.
You have no reason to.
That's right.
Meanwhile,
I live in a place where people mostly speak Spanish.
Oh, yeah, okay.
You've got some.
Yeah, does Liz speak Spanish?
Yeah, she speaks Spanish perfectly.
Her whole family only speaks Spanish.
So I have a lot of reason to learn it.
That's crazy.
Yeah, you should learn Spanish, you jerk.
Come on.
Yeah, but I don't want to sound stupid
with their family, so.
It's fine.
I know it's fine.
It'll be in the earring.
Actually, it's fine.
I know.
I know all this intellectually.
Yeah.
Okay.
There's something in my core.
Emotionally.
Yeah.
Okay.
There's something I want to do here.
We're at the end of the episode.
Maybe I should do this.
We should do this every episode, maybe.
Just thank some people.
'Cause like, this podcast is bigger than us
by just a little bit.
Thank you, Chris, for editing.
We joke about it, but he's really good.
Yeah.
Like, we don't have to think about anything.
He publishes the thing.
He does it all.
He gets it out there.
He has a fine descriptions.
Yeah.
I laugh so Adam worries about the point of even living.
That's such a good story.
Such a perfect story.
Yeah, I know.
So thank you, Chris, for the editing
and for everything else you do.
And thank you, Haley.
Haley's been doing all the little like social posts,
little clips.
Thank you, Haley.
I've not acknowledged you too publicly.
Thank you for, I don't even know if she listens.
I think she's listened to some of it.
She may not get this far to know.
This is for nothing.
No, it's not.
It's publicly, thank you.
Okay, I should really not do thank yous.
If they're gonna be this long every time.
It should just be a little thing at the end where I'm like,
thank you, Chris, for editing.
Thank you, Haley, for the social clips.
Okay, see ya.
But instead, I turned it in like a minute and a half.
Are you frozen or are you staring at me like that?
No, I've been done that.
I've been done that for a while, right?
I haven't done that anymore.
I just let you talk and I'll just stare at you.
Just make me uncomfortable.
Okay, we did it.
We made it through an episode when I had
something like 250 milligrams of caffeine in my system.
Okay.
No food.
Well, good times.
Go put that to work.
Whatever's up there.
I'm going to, yeah.
You know what actually, the last thing,
I drank all that coffee this morning, thinking like,
it's fine, I'm just gonna get so much done
and I forgot we had a podcast.
This is totally interrupting all my like,
caffeine usage.
Anyway, hour and 30.
All right, see you next.
We'll see you.
(upbeat music)